other:other:doing something else
relaxing:relaxing:relaxing
working:working:working
studying:studying:studying
sleeping:sleeping:sleeping
leaving_the_house:leaving_the_house:going out
bathing:bathing:bathing
cooking:cooking:cooking
prepare_drink:prepare_drink:prearing a drink
eating:eating:eating
snacking:snacking:having a snack
watching_TV:watching_TV:watching TV
using_computer:using_computer:using a computer
using_smartphone:using_smartphone:using your smartphone
using_internet:using_internet:using the internet
washing_dishes:washing_dishes:washing the dishes
showering:showering:showering
reading:reading:reading
doing_laundry:doing_laundry:doing laundry
shaving:shaving:shaving
brushing_teeth:brushing_teeth:brushing teeth
talking_on_phone:talking_on_phone:talking on the phone
listening_to_music:listening_to_music:listening to music
cleaning:cleaning:cleaning
conversing:conversing:having a conversation
hosting_guests:hosting_guests:hosting guests
getting_dressed:getting_dressed:getting dressed
taking_medication:taking_medication:taking your mediciation
tidying_up:tidying_up:tidying up
toileting:toileting:using the toilet
exercising:exercising:exercising
drinking:drinking:having a drink
hobby:hobby:doing a hobby
other:enter_home:entering your home